In December 2017, Tencent Cloud was granted the ISO/IEC 27018:2014 International Certification for Personal Information Protection on Public Cloud and has become one of the first cloud service providers awarded this high-standard certificate in China. In addition, Tencent Cloud is also the first cloud service provider in China whose global businesses are all certified by ISO/IEC 27018:2014. This marks that Tencent Cloud's personal information protection management system is capable of meeting the high-standard legal and regulatory requirements of personal information protection both at home and abroad. With the personal information protection management system, Tencent Cloud has entered the top tier of international cloud service providers, securing the trust of Tencent Cloud customers and laying a solid foundation for cloud security.

## What is ISO 27018:2014 certification?
ISO 27018 is an international standard issued by the International Organization for Standardization (ISO) in 2014. It is the first International Code of Conduct focusing on the protection of personal information on the cloud.
ISO 27018 is based on ISO Information Security Standard 27002 and provides the implementation guidelines for the ISO 27002 control set applicable for the personally identifiable information (PII) on the public cloud, for the purpose of addressing public cloud PII protection requirements not addressed by the existing ISO 27002 control set. Companies certified by ISO 27018 are considered to be the industrial best practices aligned with high standards in protecting company data, intellectual property, documentation, and cloud IT system security.

## Which Tencent Cloud services are in the scope of ISO 27018?
Tencent Cloud's global services are certified in many countries and regions. Tencent Cloud uses professional resources to collect and analyze local laws and regulations (such as EU's GDPR and Singapore's PDPA) on personal information in Tencent Cloud's overseas IDCs. Based on ISO 27018 standard, Tencent Cloud analyzes the laws and regulations and the data obtained by Tencent Cloud Products to identify the personal identifiable information (PII) in them. By doing so, Tencent Cloud strengthens the effectiveness of control measure, meets the legal and regulatory requirements for international high-standard protection of personal information, and improves Tencent Cloud's personal information protection management system.
In China, the Cyber Security Law has come into effect since June 1, 2017. Its core concept is "one system and four areas". One system refers to cyber security class protection system, and four areas refer to infrastructure security, data security, content security, and operational security. Besides, strengthening the protection of personal information is also an important issue in the Cyber Security Law. As stipulated in Article 40 and Article 42 of the Cyber Security Law: Network operators shall keep the user information collected by them strictly confidential, and establish and improve a complete system to protect user information. Network operators shall take technical measures and other necessary measures to ensure the security of the collected personal information and prevent the information from being leaked, damaged or lost.

## What's the point of being certified by ISO 27018:2014?
By fully understanding the requirements of personal information protection in the Cyber Security Law and other laws, Tencent Cloud starts from the personal data lifecyle and establishes a protective framework for personal information to strengthen the data protection throughout the process. Before collecting personal information, Tencent Cloud assesses the leakage risks based on the application scenario and develops appropriate protection strategies. After the information is collected, Tencent Cloud strictly limits the use of such information to avoid data disclosure. If the encrypted data is leaked, Tencent Cloud immediately starts the emergency program to minimize the disclosure of such information. With years of security experience and a professional team dedicated to cloud security, Tencent Cloud provides secure, compliant, and reliable cloud services for users.

