The media streaming acceleration service is recommended if such services as LVB and ILVB are provided under your domain name.

**Domain Name Connection: **
When you connect a domain name, select **Media streaming** for its content type. For more information on domain name connection, please refer to [Quick Start]().

**Configuration Management: **
During domain name connection, you can select and configure the desired configuration from the list provided by CDN based on your business resources. Please refer to [Configuration Overview]() for the configuration list. You are recommended to make the following configuration:

+ [Cache Expiration Configuration](): There are two options, of which all files is cached by CDN for 30 days by default, and dynamic files such as .php are not cached by default. You can customize the configuration based on your business resources.

+ You can implement access control by filtering the sources of user request, to avoid unwanted loss caused by malicious consumption. CDN provides the following two ways to implement access control:
  + [Hotlink protection](): Source control is implemented by filtering the referer value in the HTTP Request.
  + [IP blacklist and whitelist](): Source control is implemented by filtering the source IP of the request.

+ [Filter parameter](): For some specific resources, you can open the filter parameter configuration to improve the hit rate by ignoring any parameter following the request URL?.

+ [HTTPS configuration](): You can provide HTTPS data encryption services to protect your users' data by uploading your own certificate/private key to Tencent Cloud CDN or using a free third-party certificate provided by Tencent Cloud.
