Tencent Cloud SCF is a typical event-triggered server-free environment. The core components are SCF and event source. The event source is a Tencent Cloud service that publishes events or user-defined codes. SCF is an event processor. Function trigger manages the relationship between SCF and event source. For example, in the following scenario:

* Image/Video processing: When a user uploads images, he/she crops them to a proper size. When the user uses the application to upload images, it stores these images into COS, creates a thumbnail for each image, and displays these thumbnails on user page. In this scenario, you need to select COS as the event source to publish events to SCF when creating files. The event data provides all the information about buckets and files.
* Data processing: Analyze the data (such as clickstream) collected on the previous day at 0:00 am and generate a report. In this scenario, you need to select Timer as the event source to publish events to SCF at a specified time.
* Custom application: Call the first image processing SCF in one of your applications as a module of the application. In this scenario, you need to allow [InvokeFunction]() to be called automatically in the application to publish events.

These event sources can be one of the following options:

* Internal event source: It is a pre-configured Tencent Cloud service that can be used in combination with SCF. When you configure these event sources to trigger function, the function is called automatically when an event is generated. Relation (i.e. event source mapping) between event source and function is maintained at the event source end. For example, COS provides the API [Put Bucket Notification](https://cloud.tencent.com/document/product/436/8588). You can bind Bucket events with the function by using this API.
* Custom application: You can allow the custom application to publish events and call SCF.

## Example 1: COS Publishes Event and Calls Function

You can configure the event source mapping of COS to determine what operation (for example, PUT, DELETE an object, etc.) performed by COS can trigger SCF. The event source mapping of COS is stored in COS. You can use bucket notification feature to allow COS to call the function when a specific event is generated:

- Create a COS trigger
- Users create/delete an object in a bucket.
- COS detects an object creation/deletion event.
- COS calls the function automatically, and determines which function should be called based on the event source mapping stored in COS configuration. Pass Bucket and Object information as event data to the function.

## Example 2: Timer Publishes Time and Calls Function
The event source mapping of timer is stored in SCF configuration to determine when to trigger the function:

- Create a timer
- The timer calls the function automatically when configuring time

## Example 3: Custom Application Calls Function
If you need to call an SCF in a custom application, you do not need to configure a function trigger nor event source mapping. In this case, use Invoke API as the event source.

- The custom application uses InvokeFunction API to call the function, and automatically passes the event data.
- The function receives the trigger request and performs triggering.
- If synchronous call is used, the function returns the result to the application.

>**Note:**
In this example, since the custom application and the function are generated by the same user, the user credentials (APPID, SecretId and SecretKey) can be specified.

## Notes
1. For limits on the number of triggers supported for a cloud function, please see [Quota and Limits](https://cloud.tencent.com/document/product/583/11637).
2. Due to restrictions of different cloud services, event source mapping relation is subject to specific limits. For example, for COS triggers, the same event (such as file upload) of the same COS Bucket cannot trigger multiple functions.

