In recent years, a growing number of personal live video platforms featuring beauty VJs and live shows emerge in the industry. According to statistics, there are nearly 1,000 online live video platforms in China with more than 300 million users. It is increasingly clear that the online live video industry has become a highly competitive industry in the market. The research report from Founder Securities Institute shows that the size of social live video market will increase from CNY 2.6 billion in 2016 to CNY 29.5 billion in 2020, with a compound annual growth rate of 83%.

With a high interactivity, this new business allows a host of individual users to become the creators of UGC by simply starting live video broadcasting on their mobile phones. The large number of platforms will inevitably lead to a fierce competition in the industry, creating vicious competitions and general chaos in the market. Some VJs even make indecent moves to seek attention by making use of regulatory loopholes. This imposes higher requirements on the regulation of live video content. However, the huge base of VJs and live rooms makes it almost impossible for a large live video platform to audit video content manually. 
### Product Overview
The LVB Porn Detection integrated solution, as an important value-adding component of Tencent Cloud's LVB product, comes with a full range of auxiliary LVB features including screencap, recording, watermark, porn detection and cold backup. By combining such features with Tencent Cloud LVB's core capabilities for various stages from push SDK, transcoding, channel management, LVB CDN, playback SDK, to statistics, Tencent Cloud provides customers with one-stop VPaas (Video Platform as a Service). With flexible, fast, and high-quality LVB platform services, users can get the live video broadcasting business started quickly and keep it on track reliably, catering for the needs of various business scenarios such as personal live videos, mass-participation live videos and live games.

### How Porn Detection Works
Tencent Cloud's LVB porn detection can identify the live streams involving pornographic content, deliver the results to users and present the results on the porn detection management platform. To put it simply, it is about capturing screenshots of live streams at a certain frequency and then using the Cloud Image system to determine whether the screenshots contain pornographic content. Any live stream with screenshots containing pornographic content will be considered as a pornographic live stream. The extent to which the live stream involves pornography is determined based on the number of screenshots with pornographic content and the pornographic level, and then be quantified as a value to be displayed on the porn detection platform.	

### Key Advantages
The key advantages of the LVB+Porn Detection integrated solution include the following:
* It is powered by the industry-leading porn detection technology, which is built on Tencent's years of technical expertise and capabilities in audio/video and image processing, including 100 million-level daily average playbacks of Tencent Video, QQ audio/video chat, and million-level daily concurrent peak for hundreds of millions of images uploaded to Qzone;
* Provide a solution integrating real-time capturing of live stream screenshots and real-time porn detection;
* Large-scale (over 120,000) distributed transcoding-based screenshot cluster; semantic analysis of 100,000 sensitive words based on malicious motives, which helps decrease the on-screen comments involving porn and prostitution by 90%;
* High detection rate: A detection rate of 95% is ensured, which means 95 out of 100 porn images can be detected. If false acceptance rate is 5%, it means that 5 out of 100 non-porn images are allowed to be identified as porn images. This greatly reduces the workload required for manual audit.

### Application Scenarios 	
It can be used in any application scenarios where porn detection of live video screenshots is required, including live games, live shows, ILVB, video portals, and education/finance live videos. In order to ease the heavy workload of manual audit for live video platforms, an automatic and intelligent approach to content audit and porn detection is needed to detect and respond to suspicious live rooms in real time by capturing screenshots of channels and calling API for intelligent porn detection.
