The Payment Card Industry Data Security Standard (“PCI DSS”) is created and maintained by the Payment Card Industry Security Standards Council (“PCI SSC”). The PCI SSC was formed in the Autumn of 2006, via the collective efforts of five global payment brands, namely American Express, Discover Financial Services, JCB, Mastercard Worldwide and Visa, and, is a unified and professional information security standards council. 

The PCI DSS, also known as the Payment Card Industry (PCI) Data Security Standard, is the sole and definitive global payment card industry data security standards. In order to boost the data security of cardholders, the PCI DSS sets out a uniform benchmark worldwide for the technology and operating requirements with regard to protection of account data. The scope of application extends from entities involved in card processing, such as merchants, processors, acquiring bank/ organizations, card issuers and service providers to other entities involved in the storing, processing or transmitting of the cardholder’s data.

Tencent Cloud has already passed the review of the PCI DSS certification, and has attained the qualification of a PCI DSS Grade 1 service provider. Building on the foundation of the PCI DSS V3.2 certification standard and norms, the PCI DSS Cloud Computing Guidelines V2.0 have since been released, with an especial focus on cloud computing. Tencent Cloud, in collaboration with third party testing and assessing organization ATSEC, provides secure and compliant services and ensures users of Tencent Cloud can enjoy a secure and reliable paid-service worldwide.