Data Center Alliance (www.dca.org.cn) was established on 16 January 2014, under the purview of the China Communications Standards Association, which is itself under the control of the Ministry of Industry and Information Technology. DCA embarked on the task of developing data centers, cloud computing, big data and mobile internet, based on the principles of practicality, fairness, effectiveness and shared collaboration.

For the time being, there are 6 constituent committees, namely, the Finance Committee, the Consulting Committee, the Open Data Center Committee, the Regional Liaison Committee, the Open Mobile Internet Committee and the IT Operations & Maintenance Committee as well as over a dozen working groups (Trusted Cloud, Cloud Insurance, Big Data, Green Conservation, IT Equipment, Infrastructure, Mobile Office, Mobile Healthcare, Biometric Identification, User, Server, Modular Data Center, Data Center Network and Intellectual Property).

Big Data Product Capability Certification entails seven metrics, namely functionality, operations & maintenance capability, multi-tenancy, availability, security, scalability and compatibility.  There are a total of 37 indicators and the entity must undergo a rigorous four-pronged process of information review and verification, vendor-supplier evaluation, technology testing, and expert evaluation. Customers are able to benefit from reviewing features and capabilities of big data products that pass the stringent certification specifications, and are better poised to make a choice on what products to purchase and use.  Currently, this certification has been elevated from a Data Center Alliance Standard to an Industry Standard.  Tencent Cloud is the only large internet company in the pioneering batch of enterprises to be awarded the said certification.