Game Multimedia Engine (GME) is a Game Multimedia Engine SDK specially customized for game scenes. It supports many types of games, such as casual social games, competitive games (including MMORPG, MOBA, FPS, etc.), large national war games, and provides multi-person real-time voice, real-time video, voice messaging, voice to text and other features.
## Feature Overview
### Real-time Video
**Video Broadcasting Switchover Mode**
Users take turns to join broadcasting to speak, which is suitable for scenes such as video Werewolf.

**Multi-user Video Mode**
Multiple users can join a video chat at the same time. A maximum of 10 video streams is supported, with unlimited number of users in voice channels.

**Super-large Room Mode**
The super-large room mode with unlimited users includes VJ accompanying, background music playing, microphone grabbing, etc. It is also suitable for large games such as MMORPG.
### Real-time Voice
**Broadcasting-in-sequence Mode**
Users take turns to join voice broadcasting, with superior sound quality and high level of fluency, which is suitable for scenes such as video Werewolf.

**Free Talk Mode**
It supports multiple people speaking at the same time, with ultra-low latency. It is suitable for multiplayer team speak and other competitive game scenes.

**Command Mode**
For scenes, such as one-to-many command operations, VJ accompanying, it is suitable for large-scale national war games.
### Voice Messaging and Voice Recognition
It supports sending recorded voice messages to the game channels and converting them into text messages in real time, with clear sound quality and high accuracy of voice recognition.
