### **What is Anycast Internet Acceleration?**
Anycast Internet Acceleration (AIA) is a dynamic acceleration network with global coverage that can greatly improve the Internet access experience of your business. Unlike other application-layer acceleration services, AIA can optimize IP transfer quality, enable access from the nearest entry node and reduce jitter and packet loss of network transfer, thereby improving service quality of in-cloud applications, expanding service scope and simplifying backend deployment.

### **What is the difference between an Anycast elastic public IP and a public IP?**
An Anycast elastic public IP can be published simultaneously in multiple regions, and the accessing traffic reaches the nearest region and then passes through Tencent Cloud's backbone Direct Connect network. Technically, this product uses Anycast which is perceptible to end users, so the bandwidth price is higher.
A common public IP or EIP are only published in one region to which the IP belongs. The accessing traffic reaches the IP through the Internet in normal circumstances.

| | Anycast EIP | Non-Anycast EIP |
|---------|---------|---------|
| Publishing method | Anycast | Unicast |
| IP publishing region | Multiple | One |
| Network price | Higher unit price, billed based on accelerated traffic | Cheap, billed at normal Internet price |
| Unbundling operation | Supported | Supported |
| AIA acceleration | AIA acceleration provided	 | The traffic passes through the Internet by default. Temporary traffic scheduling is provided free of charge when the Internet fails |

### **Why do regions have to be differentiated?**
Tencent Cloud's nodes are completely isolated from one another in different regions, ensuring maximum cross-region stability and fault tolerance.

### **What is an acceleration region?**
A region where an Anycast elastic public IP is published is called acceleration region.

### **What is a service region?**
When an Anycast elastic public IP is created, the specified region to which the IP belongs is the service region, and only the resources in the same region can be bound. Backend logical computing (such as CVM) is done in the service region.

### **What is the difference between a private IP and a public IP of a CVM?**
Private IP is the connection address which comes from a private network. The client provides services through this address.
Public IP is the connection address which comes from a public network. The client performs public network communication through this address.
Private and public IPs can be directly mapped to each other through network address translation.
Servers in the same region can communicate through the private network; while servers in different regions can only communicate through the public network.
### **How is AIA charged?**
When you purchase an Anycast elastic public IP to enjoy continuous acceleration, the generated traffic is the accelerating traffic whose unit price is higher than that of ordinary public network.
For non-Anycast public network IP, in case the public network fails, Tencent Cloud will provide the customer with temporary acceleration service to help bypass the failures and avoid interruption of the services of the customer. This is a free value-added service imperceptible to end users, and network fees are charged at the ordinary public network price.

### **How is accelerating traffic charged?**
Accelerating traffic is the traffic generated by Anycast elastic public IP (Anycast EIP). The 95th peak of the total accelerating traffic under one account is used the billable bandwidth.

### **Is the accelerating traffic charged based on the inbound or outbound traffic?**
It is charged based on either the inbound or the outbound traffic (whichever is greater).
 
### **Does Anycast EIP support billing by traffic?**
No, the traffic generated by Anycast EIP is billed by the bandwidth.

### **How to limit the speed of an Anycast EIP?**
When setting speed limit for an Anycast EIP, the target is the bandwidth in each region rather than the total bandwidth.
For example, if the bandwidth speed of the Anycast EIP in publishing domain A is limited at 100 Mbps, then the bandwidth speed in every publishing region in publish domain is 100 Mbps, and the total bandwidth is above 100 Mbps.
