Database instance replication refers to data synchronization by configuring one or more backup databases for the server to distribute MySQL data to multiple systems. You can specify a data replication mode among three when purchasing instances in Tencent Cloud database for MySQL, where Master is the primary database instance, and Slave refers to the backup database instance.
### Asynchronous Replication
An application initiates a data update (including insert, update and delete operations) request. After completing the update operation, the Master sends a response to the application immediately, and then replicates the data to the Slave.
During the data update, the Master needs not to wait for a response from the Slave, so the database instance replicated in an asynchronous way often has a higher performance and the unavailability of Slave does not prevent the Master from providing services. However, since the data is not synchronized to the Slave in real time, if the Master fails when a latency occurs on the Slave, there is a little chance of data inconsistency.
Asynchronous replication of Tencent Cloud database for MySQL uses a "One Master, One Slave" architecture.

### Semi-synchronous Replication
An application initiates a data update (including insert, update and delete operations) request. After completing the update operation, the Master replicates the data to a Slave immediately. After **receiving and writing the data into relay log (bypassed)**, the Slave returns success message to the Master. Only after receiving the message from the Slave, the Master can return a response to the application.
Only when an exception occurs with the data replication (a Slave node becomes unavailable or an exception occurs with the network used for data replication), the Master will suspend the response to the application (for about 10 seconds by default in MySQL), and the replication will be downgraded to asynchronous replication. When the data replication returns to a normal state, strong synchronous replication will be restored.
Semi-synchronous replication of Tencent Cloud database for MySQL uses a "One Master, One Slave" architecture.

### Strong Synchronous Replication
An application initiates a data update (including insert, update and delete operations) request. After completing the update operation, the Master replicates the data to a Slave immediately. After **receiving and updating the data**, the Slave returns success message to the Master. Only after receiving the message from the Slave the Master can return a response to the application.
Since the data is replicated synchronously from the Master to the Slave, for each update operation of the Master, the success of update on the Slave must be ensured. As a result, strong synchronous replication can maximize the data consistency between the Master and the Slave. However, each update request of the Master cannot be executed until it gets the response of the Slave, so the unavailability of the Slave can greatly affect the operations on the Master.
Strong synchronous replication of Tencent Cloud database for MySQL uses a "One Master, Two Slaves" architecture. The Master can receive the success message as long as either of the two Slave updates the data successfully, preventing the unavailability of a single Slave from affecting the operations on the Master, and improving the availability of strong synchronous replication cluster.

