### Overview of Reporting Policy

Setting data reporting policies can save traffic effectively. You can use the following three methods to adjust data reporting policies of the App:
1. Specify the reporting policy when the App starts (default is APP_LAUNCH).
```java
StatConfig.setStatSendStrategy(StatReportStrategy.INSTANT);
```
Mobile Tencent Analytics supports the following six reporting policies.

| Number | Policy Name | Description |
|:-------------:|:-------------:|-----|
| 1 | INSTANT | Send messages in real time. Every message generated by the App will be sent to the server. |
| 2 | ONLY_WIFI | Send messages only when WiFi is available, otherwise messages are cached locally. |
| 3 | BATCH | Send messages in batches. By default, when the number of messages reaches 30, send them once. |
| 4 | APP_LAUNCH | Send messages only when the App starts. All the data generated this time will be sent when the App starts the next time. |
| 5 | DEVELOPER | Developer mode. Send messages only when the App calls void commitEvents(Context), otherwise messages are cached locally. |
| 6 | PERIOD | Send messages at intervals. Send messages to the server at intervals. |

When APP_LAUNCH+wifi is available, SDK performs real-time reporting by default. For Apps requiring timely response, such as competitive games, real-time reporting can be performed with WiFi disabled, and the reporting policy APP_LAUNCH or PERIOD is selected.
2. Because data reporting under WiFi costs less, SDK sends data in real time by default when WiFi is available in order to obtain user data in time. You can call the following API to disable this feature (the original policy will be used when WiFi is available).

```java
void StatConfig.setEnableSmartReporting (boolean isEnable)
```
3. Developers can update the reporting policy online via configurations on the Web interface to replace the original policy in the App. The new policy takes effect immediately and is saved locally. When the App starts the next time, the new policy will be loaded automatically.

The priorities of the three methods above: Intelligent real-time sending under WiFi > Online configuration on Web interface > Local default policy.

### API for Data Reporting-Related Settings
1. Set the maximum number of cached messages to be sent (default is 1,024).
```java
void StatConfig.setMaxStoreEventCount(int maxStoreEventCount)
```
If the number of cached messages exceeds the threshold, the earliest messages will be discarded.
2. Set the maximum number of messages to be sent in batches (default is 30; this setting is valid only if the sending policy is BATCH).
```java
void StatConfig.setMaxBatchReportCount(int maxBatchReportCount)
```
3. Set the interval (default is 24*60, namely 1 day; this setting is valid only if the sending policy is PERIOD).
```java
void StatConfig.setSendPeriodMinutes(int minutes)
```
4. Turn on the SDK LogCat switch (default is false).
```java
void StatConfig.setDebugEnable(boolean debugEnable)
```
>**Note:**
>Set this switch to false when launching products.
