### Overview of Reporting Policy
Setting data reporting policies can save traffic effectively. You can use the following three methods to adjust data reporting policies of the App:
1. Specify the reporting policy when the App starts (default is MTA_STRATEGY_APP_LAUNCH).  

```
@property MTAStatReportStrategy reportStrategy
```
Mobile Tencent Analytics supports the following six reporting policies:

| Number | Policy Name | Description |
|:-------------:|:-------------:|-----|
| 1 | MTA_STRATEGY_INSTANT | Send messages in real time. Each message generated by the App is sent to the server. |
| 2 | MTA_STRATEGY_ONLY_WIFI | Send messages only when WiFi is available, otherwise messages are cached locally. |
| 3 | MTA_STRATEGY_BATCH | Send messages in batches. By default, when the number of messages reaches 30, send them once. |
| 4 | MTA_STRATEGY_APP_LAUNCH | Send messages only when the App starts. All the data generated this time will be sent when the App starts the next time. |
| 5 | MTA_STRATEGY_DEVELOPER | Developer mode. Send messages only when the App calls void commitEvents(Context), otherwise messages are cached locally. |
| 6 | MTA_STRATEGY_PERIOD | Send messages at intervals. Send messages to the server all at once at regular intervals. |

When MTA_STRATEGY_APP_LAUNCH + wifi is available, SDK performs real-time reporting by default. For Apps requiring timely response, such as competitive games, you can enable real-time reporting with WiFi disabled, and select MTA_STRATEGY_APP_LAUNCH or MTA_STRATEGY_PERIOD as the reporting policy.
2. Because data reporting under WiFi costs less, SDK sends data in real time by default when WiFi is available in order to obtain user data in time. You can call the following API to disable this feature (the original policy will be used when WiFi is available).

```
@property BOOL smartReporting
```
3. Developers can update the reporting policy online through configurations on the Web interface to replace the original policy in the App. The new policy automatically takes effect and is saved locally when the App starts the next time.

The above three method are prioritized from low to high. For example, real-time sending under WiFi takes precedence over any policy selected in the first method, and the policy configured on the Web interface overrides the App's policy that has already taken effect and has been saved locally.

### Data Reporting-Related Settings
1. Set the maximum number of cached messages to be sent (default is 1,024).
```
@property uint32_t maxStoreEventCount
```

If the number of cached messages exceeds the threshold, the earliest messages will be discarded.
2. Set the maximum number of messages to be sent in batches (default is 30; this setting is valid only if the sending policy is MTA_STRATEGY_BATCH).

```
@property uint32_t minBatchReportCount
```
3. Set the interval (default is 24*60, namely 1 day; this setting is valid only if the sending policy is PERIOD).

```
@property uint32_t sendPeriodMinutes
```
