## Billing
Tencent Cloud Antcast Internet Acceleration is billed by two parts. The detailed description is as follows.
### Accelerated Traffic Fees
The traffic generated by Anycast EIP is called accelerated traffic. The accelerated traffic is billed by bandwidth and its unit price is higher than that of common public network. The accelerated traffic under an account is billed based on Monthly 95th Percentile by outgoing/incoming traffic (whichever is higher), which is 680 CNY/Mbps * month.

>**Notes:**
>95th Percentile: It is calculated on the basis of a calendar month. In a calendar month, sort the effective bandwidth values in every 5 minutes in a descending order and discard the highest 5% ones. The billing will be made based on the highest bandwidth among the remaining 95%.
> Assume that all the bandwidth value points in a month of 30 days are valid points by default. There is 1 bandwidth value point in every 5 minutes and 12 value points in an hour. The number of value points in a month is 12 \* 24 \* 30 = 8640. Sort all the points in a descending order and discard the highest 5% points, i.e., 8640 \* 5% = 432 points. The billing is made based on the 433rd point.

### Idle Fees of Anycast EIP
Anycast EIP is a type of EIPs. Idle fees will be charged if no instance is bound. For more information, please see [Idle Fees](https://cloud.tencent.com/document/product/213/5733#.E8.B4.B9.E7.94.A8.E8.AE.A1.E7.AE.97) in the billing module.

>**Note:**
> AIA is under internal trial until September 30, 2018, during which AIA accelerated traffic is 85% off. Welcome to apply for a trial.

## Billing Example
User A has purchased several Anycast EIPs under one account. Assume that the 95th Percentile of the total traffic generated by these Anycast EIPs is 86.5 Mbps. Multiply it by the unit price (680 CNY/Mbps * month), and the total price will be 58,820 CNY (taking no account of the discount during the internal trial).

