## Public CLB Instances

Public Cloud load balance instance gets requests from the client via the Internet, and allocates these requests to backend servers bound to the listeners. After creating a cloud load balancer, Tencent Cloud will assign a public network domain and a VIP address to it. DNS server will resolve the domain and VIP address. Public Cloud load balance will also allow users to bind CNAME and A Record, and map them to a customized domain which is easy to read. Public load balance instance will be assigned with fixed BGP public IP so as to receive the requests such as HTTP, HTTPS, TCP and UDP from the client as well as support such services provided by CLB as session persistence and health check. For more information about the usage restrictions of the public load balance instance, please refer to [Usage Restrictions](/doc/product/214/6187).

You can add multiple [Cloud Load Balancer Listener](/doc/product/214/6151) to a public cloud load balance instance to forward different requests.

## Public Network DNS Domain

Each public cloud load balance instance will be assigned with a fixed domain. The default domain format is as follows:

```
<name>.<region>.<number>.clb.myqcloud.com 
```

Where `<name>` and `<number>` are strings generated automatically, `<region>` is the ID of the region where the cloud load balance instance resides.

### Usage Scenarios
- When a server cluster is used to offer services to the public network and a uniform entry is required to properly allocate the requests from public network users to the server;
- When fault-tolerant and failure recovery operations are to perform on the server cluster;
- When providing services of connecting to the nearest network to speed up Internet connection for the users of different network operators;

It is recommended for users to use public cloud load balance with fixed IP.

### Charges
- The charge for using conventional and application public load balance instance is RMB 0.02/hour.
- Any public bandwidth/traffic generated by the service will be charged to the bill for backend CVM. For more information, please refer to [Purchase Network Bandwidth](https://cloud.tencent.com/doc/product/213/509).

### Creating Load Balance Instance 
For information on how to create a public load balance instance, please refer to [Creating Cloud Load Balance Instance](/doc/product/214/6149).

## Load Balance Instance 

Private load balance can only be accessed via Tencent private network rather than via Internet(without public domain or public IP). The private load balance will properly allocate the requests which are forwarded to the backend servers from the private client to the server cluster via corresponding VIP. 

Internal load balance routes the traffic to the backend CVM instance of the same region via the private IP address[Private IP address](/doc/product/213/5225), which is a composition method of the internal service cluster. If the application has multiple layer structures(such as the Web server that can communicate with Internet and the database server which can only communicate with the private network), you are supposed to design an architecture that allows the private load balance instance and public load balance instance to be used at the same time. All of the Web servers are connected to the public load balance instance while the corresponding database servers are connected to the private load balance instance. Public load balance instance forwards the requests from the Internet to the backend Web server, and then forwards the requests for the database to the private load balance which will route the requests to the database server.

### Usage Scenarios

Since both client and server of the private load balance are inside Tencent, the scenarios are as below when accessing Tencent network:
- If the number of server in Tencent is more than one, the requests from client are required to be properly allocated to each server;
- When performing fault-tolerant and failure recovery on the internal server cluster;
- When service provider would like to block his physical IP address and provide transparent service for the client;

It is recommended to use private load balance.

### Charges

It is free to use private load balance instance. 

### Creating Private Load Balance Instance
To create private load balance instance, please refer to [Creating Load Balance Instance](/doc/product/214/6149).
 
