### 1. How is CDN billed?
CDN provides two billing methods: **Bill-by-Bandwidth** and **Bill-by-Traffic**. Both methods are postpaid on a daily basis. The charge for total consumption generated during 00:00:00 - 23:59:59 on the current date is billed on the next day. For how to choose an appropriate billing method, please see [Billing](https://cloud.tencent.com/document/product/228/2949).

### 2. Can I try out CDN for free?
CDN provides a 10 GB traffic pack for all customers every month. You can choose the Bill-by-Traffic method and use this pack to try out CDN for free.

### 3. When is the fee of CDN deducted?
CDN is billed on a postpaid basis. The charge for total consumption generated on the current date is billed and deducted on the next day:
- If the original billing method is Bill-by-Bandwidth on the current day, and it is changed to Bill-by-Traffic when there is no consumption generated, and the billing method remains unchanged after this change,  the settlement for this day will be made based on Bill-by-Traffic the next day.
- If the original billing method is Bill-by-Bandwidth on the current day and consumption has generated before it is changed to Bill-by-Traffic, the settlement for this day will be made based on Bill-by-Bandwidth the next day. Provided that the billing method remains unchanged after this change and the settlement for the next day is made on the third day, Bill-by-Traffic will be used.

If you are an important customer with a contract entered into with Tencent Cloud, you can change the billing method by contacting your customer manager, calling 4009-100-100, or [submitting tickets](https://console.cloud.tencent.com/workorder/category).

### 4. What is Monthly 95th Percentile billing?
Bill-by-Bandwidth is a billing method based on peak bandwidth use.
**Monthly 95th Percentile**: There are 288 CDN bandwidth statistical points each day. Sort all statistical points for all effective days (on which the consumption generated is greater than 0 byte) from the first day of the current month by bandwidth value and eliminate the first 5% statistical points. Then take the largest bandwidth among the remaining 95% of statistical points as the billing bandwidth. Then calculate the charge based on contract price.
> Computing Examples
> The billing process starts on February 1, 2017. The contract price is P CNY/Mbps/month.
> Assume that the bandwidth consumption generated is more than 0 for 14 days in February, calculate all statistical points for these 14 days (14 * 288) and eliminate the first 5% statistical points. Then take the largest value among the remaining statistical points as the billing bandwidth, which is Max95. The charge billed in February is: Max95 x P x 14 / 28.

### 5. How can I query my CDN bills?
You can query your bills in Tencent Cloud [Cost Center](https://console.cloud.tencent.com/account).For more information, please see [Query Bills](https://cloud.tencent.com/document/product/228/6071).

### 6. Can I return a purchased traffic pack?
No. The CDN traffic pack is immediately sent to your account upon purchase. It can't be returned.

### 7. Where is the CDN price calculator?
Click [CDN Price Calculator](https://buy.cloud.tencent.com/calculator/cdn) to enter the price calculator page.

### 8. Can CDN be billed by number of requests?
Not yet.

### 9. What will happen if I fail to pay CDN on time?
For more information, please see [In Case of Arrears](https://cloud.tencent.com/document/product/228/2954).

### 10. If the origin server uses COS, will the traffic generated by CDN forwarding to COS be charged?
No, the traffic generated by CDN forwarding to COS is not charged at the CDN side.

### 11. When CDN is disabled (or suspended), will it generate traffic and incur a charge?
When CDN is disabled, if the domain is still configured as CNAME, a 404 error is returned when the request is resolved to the node, which may generate slight traffic. It is recommended that you change the resolution origin-pull before suspending the service.
