## Android Network Speed Monitoring API Integration

There are two types of network speed monitoring. One is to provide domain name and port list locally for App to measure speed. The other is to configure the domain name list at the frontend for SDK or App to measure speed at the appropriate time. All network speed monitoring is asynchronous.

### Speed Measurement with Domain and Port Specified Locally

The domain name and port list for speed measurement is specified locally in App, and developers determine when to measure speed.

```java
void StatService.testSpeed(Context ctx, 
Map<String, Integer> domainMap)
```

**Parameter description:**
ctx: Device context of the page;
domainMap: Domain name and port list for speed measurement.

```java
Map<String, Integer> map = new HashMap<String, Integer>();
map.put("www.qq.com", 80);
map.put("pingma.qq.com", 80);
StatService.testSpeed(ctx, map);
```

### Speed Measurement with Domain Specified at Frontend

Developers configure the list of domain name and port to be monitored at the frontend, and the server issues the list to SDK. Then the following API can be called to perform speed measurement in App for all the configured domain names. SDK usually actively measure speed when the App starts. If speed measurement is required in a specific location, developers need to actively call this API.

```java
void StatService.testSpeed(Context ctx)
```

**Parameter description:**
ctx: Device context of the page
>**Note:**
>Network I/O generated by active calling of this API may affect user experience. Use it when necessary.

## iOS Network Speed Monitoring API
Developers configure the list of domain name and port to be monitored at the frontend, and the server issues the list to SDK. Then SDK actively monitor the speed for all the configured domain names when the App starts.
>**Note:**
>This feature generates network I/O.
