API request parameters vary with different APIs. The initial letter of each API request parameter is in lowercase so that it can be differentiated from common request parameters.
For example, for the API OnlineDsaHost used to [enable a DSA domain name](https://cloud.tencent.com/document/product/570/13942), the supported API request parameters are as follows:

| Parameter | Require | Type | Description |
| ---- | ----| ---- | ------------------ |
|hostId| Yes | Unsigned | ID of the domain name connected to DSA |

The attributes of the parameter are described as follows: 
<table class="t">
<tbody>
	<td> 
		Parameter Name
	</td>
	<td> 
		The request parameter name supported by the API. You can use it as an API request parameter when calling the API.<br>
		Note: A parameter name ending with ".n" represents an array, for which you need to input the array members individually. 
	</td></tr><tr>
	<td>
		 Required
	</td>
	<td> 
		Indicates whether this parameter is required. </br>"Yes" means the parameter is required when you call the API.</br>"No" means the parameter can be left empty.</br>If all the API request parameters are not required, the API can be called simply by using common request parameters. 
	</td></tr><tr>
	<td> 
		Type 
	</td>
	<td> 
		Data type of the API parameter. 
	</td></tr><tr>	
	<td>
		Description
	</td>
	<td> 
		A brief description of the API request parameter and the API calling. 
	</td></tr>
</tbody>
</table>

**Example:**  
If you want to enable a domain name with the hostId (which can be obtained via the API [Query List of Domain Names](https://cloud.tencent.com/document/product/570/13940)) being 12345, the request link should look like this:
```	
https://dsa.api.qcloud.com/v2/index.php?
&<Common request parameters>
&hostID=12345
```   
 A complete request requires two types of request parameters: common request parameters and API request parameters. Only API request parameters are listed above. For more information on common request parameters, please see [Common Request Parameters](https://cloud.tencent.com/document/product/570/13932) section. 


