The function code is the most important part of SCF. Users upload the application code in the form of *SCF* to Tencent Cloud SCF platform, to allow *SCF* to run the code on behalf of users and perform all relevant server management work.

The lifecycle of an SCF-based application generally includes: writing codes, creating an SCF, deploying the SCF to SCF platform, testing, monitoring and troubleshooting, etc. This section describes everything about the function code. For more information about monitoring and troubleshooting, please see Monitoring SCFs and Their Logs.

## Writing Codes for SCFs
You can only use the languages supported on SCF platform to write cloud function codes. You can use any coding tool, such as SCF console, local editor, and local IDE. Note: If other dependent libraries not introduced to the platform are introduced to the code, you **must** upload these dependent libraries. The dependent libraries provided by the platform can be found in [Execution Environment](https://cloud.tencent.com/document/product/583/9694#.E6.89.A7.E8.A1.8C.E7.8E.AF.E5.A2.83.E5.92.8C.E5.8F.AF.E7.94.A8.E5.BA.93) section. For more information on how to upload the code, please see [Create Deployment Packages](https://cloud.tencent.com/document/product/583/9702) section.


Meanwhile, SCF platform provides a set of basic patterns for writing function. For example, how to determine a preferred method to call function, how to obtain information from parameters, how to output logs, how to interact with the current running environment, etc. For more information about function patterns, please see [Writing a Processing Method](https://cloud.tencent.com/document/product/583/9210) section.


## Creating a Deployment Package

You need to provide codes or deployment packages:

- If standard Python library and the library provided by Tencent Cloud (such as Python SDK of various cloud products) are used in your code, you just need to provide the code in the console, so that SCF console would automatically package this code file and upload it to SCF console.

- If you need to introduce external libraries, you can organize your codes and dependencies according to the specific method in [Create Deployment Packages](https://cloud.tencent.com/document/product/583/9702), package and upload them to SCF platform.

## Creating and Deploying SCFs

You can create SCFs using SCF console, API, SDK or Tencent Cloud CLI tool. You first need to provide the configuration information of SCFs. including computing resources, running environment, etc. For more information, please see [Create SCFs](https://cloud.tencent.com/document/product/583/9207).


## Testing SCFs
You can test SCFs using the following methods:

- Click **Test** in the console to test SCFs.
- Test SCFs using API, SDK or InvokeFunction method of Tencent Cloud CLI tool.

The calling data is required during test period. You can pass the calling data (such as COS, etc.) of specific cloud products to test whether the function responses to the events generated by these cloud products as expected. For more information about the event data generated by different cloud products, please see [Manage SCF Triggers](https://cloud.tencent.com/document/product/583/9707) section.

## Monitoring and Troubleshooting
After an SCF is introduced into the production environment, Tencent Cloud SCF automatically monitors its running status. Then, SCF metrics are uploaded to Cloud Monitor platform, so that users can check its running status.

To help you debug and troubleshoot, Tencent Cloud SCF platform records all calling and processing results of this function, and stores the output generated in the code in log format. For more information, please see [Function Log]() section.

## Example of SCF-based Application
Make sure to read and practice the examples in the following sections before using the cloud function:

- [Getting Started](https://cloud.tencent.com/document/product/583/9179): If it is your first time to use Tencent Cloud SCF, please read Getting Started section and try to perform all the operations in this section.
- [Practical Operation of Code](https://cloud.tencent.com/document/product/583/9734): If you need to introduce external libraries, you must create a code package in the local environment and upload it to SCF platform. Read and practice using each step in the example based on the selected programming language and the event to be processed.





