The following function is used to collect the information of page visit:
## Mark the Start of a Page Visit

```
void StatService.onResume(Context ctx)
```
or
```
void StatService.trackBeginPage(Context ctx, String pageName)
```
### Parameters

| Parameter Name | Description | 
|---------|---------|
| Ctx | device context of the page | 
| pageName | Custom page name, using together with the appropriate trackEndPage |

```
@Override
protected void onResume() {
super.onResume();
StatService.onResume(this);
}
```

### Call Location
onResume() of each activity.
>**Note:**
During each call, MTA checks if a new session (session timeout) is generated by checking the number of times sessions are generated and launched.

## Mark the End of a Page Visit
```
void StatService.onPause (Context ctx)
```
or
```
void StatService.trackEndPage(Context ctx, String pageName)
```
### Parameters

| Parameter Name | Description | 
|---------|---------|
| Ctx | device context of the page | 
| pageName | Custom page name, using together with the appropriate trackBeginPage |

### Call Location
onPause() of each activity.

```
@Override
protected void onPause() {
super.onPause();
StatService.onPause(this);
}
```
>**Note:**
>onResume and onPause or trackBeginPage and trackEndPage need to be used in pairs for counting activities. To ensure statistical accuracy, it is recommended to call the above API in each activity. Otherwise, MTA may report too many launches. For the solution to such issue, please see Special Requirements.

## Collecting Page Visit Information via Inheritance 
Developers can collect page visit information by calling onResume and onPause of MTA based on activity base class of the App and reloading these 2 methods in all subclasses. For more information, please see the BaseActivity and DrivedActivity codes in MtaDemo. In addition, StatService.onResume() and StatService.onPause() are called by the following two classes in MTA SDK. You can directly inherit the following classes, and reload the page statistics API in the subclasses.

- `com.tencent.stat.EasyActivity` is inherited from `android.app.Activity`.
- `com.tencent.stat.EasyListActivity` is inherited from `android.app.ListActivity`.


