API request parameters vary with different APIs. The initial letters of API request parameters are all lowercases to be distinguished from common request parameters.

For example, for the API ``PublishMSg`` used to publish messages to a topic, the supported API request parameters are as follows:

| Parameter Name | Required | Type | Description |
| ------- | ---- | ------ | ---------------------------------------- |
| topic | Yes | String | The topic to which the messages are published. Only one topic is allowed, such as: iot-12345678/testdevice/test |
| message | Yes | String | The message to be published. If rule engine is connected, it is recommended to use JSON format for the message. For example: {"temperature":27,"status":"online"} |

The descriptions of the fields are as follows:
<table class="t">
<tbody>
<td> Parameter Name
</td><td> Name of request parameter supported by the API. You can use this parameters as an API request parameter when using this API.<br>
Note: A parameter name that ends with ".n" represents an array, for which you need to input the array parameters individually.
</td></tr>
<tr>
<td> Required
</td><td> Whether this parameter is required. "Yes" means the parameter is required to call the API. "No" means the parameter is not mandatory. If all of the API request parameters are not mandatory, the API can be called simply by using common request parameters.
</td></tr>
<tr>
<td> Type
</td><td> Data type of the API parameter.
</td></tr>
<tr>
<td> Description
</td><td> A brief description of the API request parameter.
</td></tr>
</tbody></table>

For example, if a user wants to publish message {"temperature":27,"status":"online"} to Topic iot-12345678/testdevice/get, the request link may be as follows:
```
https://iot.api.qcloud.com/v2/index.php?
&<Common request parameters>
&topic=iot-12345678/testdevice/test
&message={"temperature":27,"status":"online"}
```
A complete request requires two types of request parameters: common request parameters and API request parameters. Only API request parameters are listed above. For more information on common request parameters, please see [Common Request Parameters](https://cloud.tencent.com/document/product/568/13799).

