If you are a user of Tencent Cloud in the United States of America, the below Additional Terms and Policies: (a) are incorporated into these Terms; (b) apply to your use of Tencent Cloud; and (c) override the head terms of these Terms to the extent of any inconsistency.

If you are a user of Tencent Cloud in the United States of America, the following terms expressly replaces Section 23 of these Terms. 

If you live in (or, if a business, your principal place of business is in) the United States, the laws of the state where you live govern all claims, regardless of conflict of law principles, except that the Federal Arbitration Act governs all provisions relating to arbitration.  You and we irrevocably consent to the exclusive jurisdiction and venue of the state or federal courts of California, for all disputes arising out of or relating to these Terms that are heard in court (excluding arbitration). 
 
EACH OF THE PARTIES HERETO IRREVOCABLY WAIVES ANY AND ALL RIGHT TO TRIAL BY JURY OR TO PARTICIPATE IN A CLASS ACTION IN ANY LEGAL PROCEEDING ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THESE TERMS OR THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED HEREBY.
In the event of a dispute, you and we agree to try for sixty (60) days to resolve it informally. If you and we are unable to come to informal resolution within sixty (60) days, you and we agree to binding individual arbitration before the American Arbitration Association (**"AAA"**) under the Federal Arbitration Act (**"FAA"**) (with such arbitration to be conducted under the AAA's Commercial Arbitration Rules), and not to sue in court in front of a judge or jury. Instead, a neutral arbitrator will decide and the arbitrator’s decision will be final except for a limited right of appeal under the FAA. Class action lawsuits, class-wide arbitrations, private attorney-general actions, and any other proceeding where someone acts in a representative capacity are not allowed, and nor is combining individual proceedings without the consent of all parties.  These Terms govern to the extent they conflict with the AAA’s Commercial Arbitration Rules or Consumer Arbitration Rules. You and we must file in arbitration any claim or dispute (except intellectual property disputes) within one year from when it first could be filed. If the class action waiver is found to be illegal or unenforceable as to all or some parts of a dispute, then those parts won’t be arbitrated but will proceed in court, with the rest proceeding in arbitration. If any other provision of these provisions regarding arbitration is found to be illegal or unenforceable, that provision will be severed but the rest of these provisions regarding arbitration still apply.

If you are a California resident, then (except to the extent prohibited by applicable laws and regulations) you agree to waive California Civil Code Section 1542, and any similar provision in any other jurisdiction (if you are a resident of such other jurisdiction), which states: "A general release does not extend to claims which the creditor does not know or suspect to exist in his favour at the time of executing the release, which, if known by him must have materially affected his settlement with the debtor”.
