When an application deployed by a user on a CVM instance needs to provide public services, the data must be transferred over the Internet. Tencent Cloud Internet access is provided by Tencent Cloud data centers via high-speed Internet. Domestic multi-line BGP networks cover more than 20 ISPs; BGP public network external ports switches cross-domains instantly, guaranteeing that users can enjoy high-speed, secure network quality, no matter what kind of network they're on.

If your CVM instance is to provide service over the Internet, it must have an IP address (also known as a public IP address) on the Internet in order to communicate with other services on the Internet. You can also configure a CVM instance with a public IP address on the Internet. For more information about logging into a CVM instance, refer to [Logging into a Linux Instance](/doc/product/213/5436) and [Logging into a Windows Instance](/doc/product/213/5435).

## Public IP address
A public IP is an IP address that can be accessed from the Internet and can be used to communicate between instances and the Internet using the public IP. The public IP is mapped to the instance's [private IP](/doc/product/213/5225) through [Network Address Translation (NAT)](/doc/product/213/5225). All the public network interfaces of Tencent Cloud are processed by Tencent Gateway (TGW). TGW features high reliability, high extensibility, high performance and strong anti-attack abilities; and provides more efficient and secure network access. Therefore, Tencent Cloud CVM instance public network cards are unanimously configured on the TGW interface layer, without CVM perception.

This feature allows users to view information about the network interface using commands such as 'ifconfig' on the CVM; but you can only see information that is on the [Private Network](/doc/product/213/5225). Public network information needs to be logged in by the user [Tencent Cloud Console](https://console.cloud.tencent.com/) CVM list/details page to view.

Instances providing services through public network IPs need to pay the corresponding costs; for specifics, refer to [Purchasing Network Bandwidth](https://cloud.tencent.com/doc/product/213/509#2.1.-.E5.B8.A6.E5.AE.BD.E5.8C.85.E8.AE.A1.E8.B4.B9).

## Release of public IP address
A user cannot actively associate or unassociate a public IP address from an instance. In some cases, the Tencent Cloud system will automatically release the public network IP address, or assign a new address to the instance. The released public IP address will be returned to the public IP pool, and you will not be able to use it again.

- When an instance has been terminated (actively terminating pay-per-use instances; or teminating the instance after it has expired in monthly or yearly packages), Tencent Cloud will release its public IP address.
- If a user associates an [elastic public IP](/doc/product/213/5733) with an instance, Tencent Cloud will release the public IP address of the instance. When an instance has removed associated with an elastic IP address, the instance is automatically reassigned to a new public IP address.

Because the public IP address is closely related to the instance, it might be released in the above situation; therefore, if you need a fixed permanent public IP, you can use the elastic public IP address instead. For example, if you need to remap a custom domain name to the public IP of a new instance, it might take hours to dozens of hours for the mapping to propagate over the Internet; during which time, the new instance cannot receive requests and the request is all parsed to the original instance. Elastic IPs can solve this issue, maintaining the domain name mapping relationship, and quickly binding to a new instance. For more information, see [Elastic Public IP Addresses](/doc/product/213/5733).
