## 1. Service Address

The domain name of the Tencent Cloud Live Video Broadcasting is live.api.qcloud.com. 

## 2. Communication Protocol
All Tencent Cloud APIs implement communication over HTTPS and provide high-security channels. 

## 3. Request Methods
The POST and GET methods are supported, but they cannot be used at the same time.  If the GET method is used, parameters are obtained from the Querystring. If the POST method is used, parameters are obtained from the Request Body. In this case, the parameters in the Querystring will be ignored.  The formats of parameters obtained based on the methods are the same. Generally, the GET method is used. If the string of parameters is long, the POST method is used. For details on the methods, refer to API description. 

## 4. Character Encoding
All encoded in UTF-8


## 5. API Request Structure
<table class="t">
<tbody><tr>
<th><b>Name</b>
</th><th><b>Description</b>
</th><th> <b>Remark</b>
</th></tr>
<tr>
<td> API entry
</td><td> Indicates the WebService entry for API calling. 
</td><td> https://live.api.qcloud.com/v2/index.php<br> 
</td></tr>
<tr>
<td> General parameters
</td><td> General parameters contained in each API 
</td><td> For details, refer to Section 6: General Parameters
</td></tr>
<tr>
<td> Instruction name
</td><td> Name of instruction conducted by this API (specified by Action.<br>
<p>For example, Action=CreateLVBChannel.
</p>
</td><td> For complete instructions, refer to <a href="/doc/api/258/API Overview" title="API Overview">API Overview</a>.
</td></tr>
<tr>
<td> Instruction parameters
</td><td>Parameters required for each instruction 
</td><td> For details, refer to API description of each instruction. 
</td></tr></tbody></table>

## 6. General Parameters
Public parameters are used for user identification and API authentication. Unless otherwise specified, these parameters will not be described in API description. The parameters must be carried in each request in order to successfully initiate the request. 

<table class="t">
<tbody><tr>
<th><b>Name</b>
</th><th><b>Type</b>
</th><th><b>Description</b>
</th><th width="50"><b>Required</b>
</th></tr>
<tr>
<td> Action
</td><td> String
</td><td> Name of the API instruction, for example,   DescribeDomains. 
</td><td> Yes
</td></tr>
<tr>
<td> Region
</td><td> String
</td><td> Identifies an area where an instance will be operated.  This parameter is optional.   <br>bj:Beijing<br>gz:Guangzhou<br>sh:Shanghai<br>hk:Hong Kong<br>ca:North America<br>

</td><td> Yes
</td></tr>
<tr>
<td> Timestamp
</td><td> UInt
</td><td> Indicates current Unix time stamp. 
</td><td> Yes
</td></tr>
<tr>
<td> Nonce
</td><td> UInt
</td><td> Indicates a random positive integer. This parameter is used with the parameter Timestamp to prevent replay attack. 
</td><td> Yes
</td></tr>
<tr>
<td> SecretId
</td><td> String
</td><td> Indicates a secret ID applied for through the Tencent Cloud platform to identify a user. The secret key is also applied for through the platform, and it is used to generate a signature. <br>For details, refer to <a href="/doc/api/258/API Authentication" title="API Authentication">API Authentication</a>.
</td><td> Yes
</td></tr>
<tr>
<td> Signature
</td><td> String
</td><td> Indicates a signature that is used to verify the validity of a request. <br>For details, refer to <a href="/doc/api/258/API Authentication" title="API Authentication">API Authentication</a>. 
</td><td> Yes
</td></tr></tbody></table>

The following shows a typical API request. "Action=DescribeInstance" indicates a query into details of the CVM instance. 

```
https://domain/v2/index.php?Action=DescribeInstances
&SecretId=xxxxxxx
&Region=gz
&Timestamp=1402992826
&Nonce=345122
&Signature=mysignature
&instanceId=101
```
instanceId is an instruction parameter, and others are public parameters. 
