## 1. What protocols are supported by Cloud Automated Testing

Now, Cloud Automated Testing supports HTTP/HTTPS, TCP, and PING protocols for the check.

## 2. Whether the automated testing supports the HTTP requests of login status

Now, Cloud Automated Testing only supports the one-time HTTP requests, and does not support the multi-step request modes of login status.

## 3. How to choose the automated testing cycle

Cloud Automated Testing provides four kinds of automated testing cycles including 1 minute, 5 minutes, 15 minutes, and 30 minutes. With a shorter cycle, the number of automated tests in the same time period is greater, the data accuracy is higher, and more timely alarms can be provided at the same time.

## 4. What is the grouping of automated testing points

The automated testing agent grouping is mainly to facilitate the collocation and combination of automated testing points, and one or more automated testing points are set as a group. For each developer, there is always a "system default group", that is a group automatically generated by the system. If the user does not need to customize a group, this group can be used directly. In addition, user-defined automated point grouping is also supported. After the user custom a group, it can be set as the default group, and this group will be used by default when a new automated testing task is created.

## 5. For the data exceptions of Cloud Automated Testing, what are the common fault types

### **DNS Resolution Failure**:

Fault: Generally, there is high pressure on the DNS server, the network between the client and the DNS server is unstable, packet loss occurs, and the domain names have not taken effect.
Cause: This may be a failure of DNS service provider or the DNS server of ISP at automated testing point.
Solution: It is recommended that you find the DNS server for resolution in the fault log and contact the relevant admin. Please select an ISP with local area network in good condition.

### **Connection Timeout**:

Fault: The automated testing agent failed to establish a connection within 10 seconds after sending the request, which indicates that the network, server or backend service is not available.
Cause: Maybe the backend server failed to provide normal services.
Solution: It is recommended that you check if the background service software is working properly.

### **Response Timeout**:

Fault: The time from sending a request to receiving the returned data exceeds 10 seconds, or no available connection was found.
Cause: Maybe the server was too busy.
Solution: It is recommended that you optimize the performance of backend server or scale up the server.

### **Connection Failure**:

Fault: The automated testing agent returns an error when connecting to the backend service.
Possible Cause: The network between the automated testing agent and the backend service is blocked, or the backend service has not been started.
Solution: It is recommended to check whether the network or the port listened on by the backend service is normal.

### **Connection Interrupted**:

Fault: The network connection between the automated testing agent and the backend service is interrupted.
Possible Cause: The backend service terminates all TCP connections actively before restarting, resulting in a problem with the network link between the agent and the server, and losing the socket connection, or the backend server takes the initiative to interrupt the connections because the number of connections exceeds the maximum value specified by the IP address authentication.
Solution: It is recommended that you check the Web service program of the server.

### **Ping Timeout**:

Fault: When performing the ping probe, the server has no response.
Possible Cause: If only a certain automated testing point has this problem, then it may be caused by the connectivity problem which exists in the network of a certain ISP in a certain area. If all the automated testing points have this problem, then it is most likely that the server itself goes down or loses the response.
Solution: It is recommended that you check the server status or [Submit a Ticket](http://console.cloud.tencent.com/ticket) for confirmation and consultation.
