This document describes common DNS hijacking methods and how website owners and netizens deal with them.
There are two service roles in a DNS system: recursive DNS and authoritative DNS. Authoritative DNS controls website resolution, while recursive DNS only functions as cache. Thus website owners need to be more concerned with authoritative DNS, which is also the DNS address they enters at the domain name registrar. Recursive DNS is used by netizens.

There are two types of DNS hijacking:
1. Hijacking the authoritative DNS
This kind of attack comes in two ways. The first is to take control of the account located at the domain name registrar. For example, several years ago, a hacker attacked a certain company's account registered at a domain name registrar, and modified the NS record of "xx.com", which means he changed the authoritative DNS. This attack controls the content from its source and pollutes all recursive DNSs. All netizens will be directed to the wrong page. If you use certain tools (such as dig or nslookup) to diagnose, you will find that all DNS servers have incorrect content. To solve the problem, you need to change the NS record back to your own authoritative DNS server as well as wait for all recursive DNS caches to expire. The access towards the correct website is restored once data is refreshed. The second way is to hack into the authoritative DNS server and take full control of the authoritative DNS, which can be more difficult.
2. Hijacking the recursive DNS
Since DNS system uses unreliable UDP data packets for communication, attackers are able to counterfeit the authoritative DNS server and use fake data to deceive recursive DNS. Attacks aiming at recursive DNS are usually regional. For example, if a hacker attacks one or several recursive DNS servers, then only the accesses that use these DNS will be affected. If you use dig or nslookup for test, you can find that the results of certain recursive DNS servers are incorrect, while the others are correct.

For common netizens, it is recommended to use more secure recursive DNS such as 8.8.8.8 (provided by Google). Considering the technical strength of Google, we believe that it is very unlikely that this DNS can be hijacked. Thus, if 8.8.8.8 returns the correct result, it means the authoritative DNS service is normal. For website owners, it is recommended to keep their accounts at domain name registrars safe and use authoritative DNS services provided by service providers with decent technology strength.

