- **Multiple regions and availability zones**: Includes three domestic regions in China, South China, East China and North China. Overseas nodes include Hong Kong, Singapore, Toronto, and Silicon Valley. Deploying your applications in regions close to your users can reduce delays.
- **4 configuration models**: **Standard** (suitable for small to medium-sized Web applications and databases), **High IO** (suitable for I/O intensive applications with low latency), **Memory Optimized** (suitable for applications that require large amounts of memory for operations, searches and computation); and **Computer Optimized** (for large-scale game servers and ad service engines, and other applications requiring high computing performance)
- **Series 2 CVM**: Series 2 CVMs come with the Intel Broadwell (v4) CPU and DDR4 memory. This offers improved computing power, with integer and floating-point computation performance improved by 100%; and enhanced networking capacity, with packet forwarding up to 30W.
- **Flexible adjustment of configurations**: CVM provides a large variety of options and adjustments for computing, networking and disk. You can make adjustments to the network at any time without shutting down the machine. You can also adjust hardware and raise or lower capacity of the disk based on cloud disks while powered off.
- **2 billing modes**: prepaid and postpaid modes are available.
- **Rich images**: public image (with multiple Linux and Windows operating system types), service marketplace image (with third-party integration for different application environments), and custom image (images created by users through the image creation tool) 
- **Cross-region copying of images**: You can copy your custom images to other Tencent Cloud regions.
- **4 disk types**: HDD local disk, SSD local disk, HDD Cloud disk, SSD Cloud disk.
- **Custom access control**: Define your CVM and network access strategies by setting Security Groups and network ACLs for different instances.
- **Top-speed public network**: 20-line BGP public network that covers almost all network service providers. No matter which ISP your clients are using, they can always enjoy the same top-speed bandwidth. Optional public network bandwidth of up to 200 Mbps.
- **Stable private network quality**: the private networks of Tencent Cloud's data centers in the same region are interconnected, all with megabyte or gigabyte underlying networks, thus ensuring communication quality within the private networks.
- **Custom network structure**: Virtual Private Cloud (VPC) provides independent network space with custom division of network segments as well as IP address and custom router strategy etc. Provides port-level access control for comprehensive network logic isolation.
- **Various CVM login methods**: provides various login methods including key login, password login, VNC login, etc.
- **Diverse security services**: provides DDoS protection, DNS hijacking detection, intrusion detection, vulnerability scanning, web shell detection, login protection and other security services to safeguard your server.
- **FREE Cloud Monitor service**: supports multiple types of real-time forewarning.
- To prevent data losses or other negative effects, monthly and yearly cloud services for which the term has expired go to the recycle bin for a period of time, rather than being immediately deleted.
