### What is the maximum capacity of a single CRS instance?

 | Engine Version | Specification |
 |--|--|
 | Redis Engine Standalone | 1-60 GB |
 | Redis Engine Master/Slave | 0.25~60GB  |
 | Redis Engine Cluster | 12 GB-2 TB |
 | CKV Engine Master/Slave | 4-384 GB |
 | CKV Engine Cluster | 16 GB-2 TB |

 For more information, see [Product Price](https://cloud.tencent.com/document/product/239/9894)

 ### Is it reliable to store data in CRS?
 Redis Engine Standalone ensures data availability rather than data reliability.<br>
 All other Redis versions are based on a master-slave replication mechanism, which combines hot data backup and daily cold backup.<br>

 ### What persistence method is used in CRS?
 The full and incremental backups are completed by the backup clusters at the backend of CRS, so the influence on the performance of online services caused by persistence on the slave server is negligible.

 ### How is CRS billed?
 CRS supports the prepaid and postpaid billing methods. For specific prices, see [Product Price](https://cloud.tencent.com/document/product/239/9894)

 ### Why is 2M of the CRS capacity consumed just after it is purchased?
 This is a system overhead generated by CRS itself for maintaining its own data structure.

 ### Does Redis support public network services?
 Not yet. If you need to access CRS from a public network, you can achieve this by using a CVM as a jump server.

 ### Can CRS be managed with a visualization tool such as Redis Desktop Manager?
 CRS has its own console, where OPS and management operations can be performed. Before the use of a visualization tool, the URL needs to be provided to the public network by using a CVM as a jump server.

 ### Will capacity expansion and reduction for CRS cause service interruption?
 For CRS 2.8 and CKV versions, if the memory is sufficient in the physical machine, upgrading efforts can be made without affecting the service. Otherwise, the data needs to be migrated across machines, which will cause a seconds-long disconnection.<br>
 For CRS 4.0, capacity expansion and reduction can always be performed without interrupting the service.

 ### How do I add Monitoring Alarm to CRS?
 You can do this through the custom monitoring alarm. For more information, see [Alarm Overview](https://cloud.tencent.com/document/product/239/7081)

 ### Do different instances need to be applied for to select 0-15?
 Each cluster instance comes with only one database and you can only select 0.<br>
 Like open-source Redis, a standalone CRS instance can be configured with multiple databases, between which you can switch through "select".<br>

 ### Can the auth password verification be skipped in CRS?
 Password-free login is not supported, but will be available soon.

 ### Does CRS support persistence?
 CRS supports daily automatic cold-backups as a persistence method, so the influence on the performance of online services caused by persistence on the slave server is negligible.
