Tencent Cloud Content Understanding (CU) can help you easily implement custom services, including category system classification, label extraction, entity graph, analysis of sentiment opinions and public opinions, and content generation, so as to promote your business growth. Here, we will introduce the application scenarios of Tencent Cloud CU.

## Intelligent Archiving of Customer Service Tickets
One insurance company has a great number of customers, its customer service system generates a large quantity of ticket documents every day. Traditional customer service systems are operated by customer service staff, which decreases the efficiency and increases the cost. With the text capability, Tencent Cloud CU can assist these insurance companies in processing massive customer service tickets efficiently and distribute different tickets to different customer service staff by ticket type, allowing them to continue to follow up. With the help of Tencent Cloud CU's Intelligent Ticket System, the insurance company has solved the problem of ticket accumulation, reduced the labor cost spent on ticket processing, and improved the operation efficiency of the customer service system.

## Intelligent Hot Spots of Social Contents
In our daily life, texts are generated, distributed and consumed anywhere at anytime, therefore the content analysis emerges. Tencent Cloud CU can efficiently and precisely detect real-time hot spot topics from massive social content data by analyzing data with the natural language processing and machine learning methods. It also provides the technical basis for intelligence automation in terms of topic operating, user insights and topic advertising of the content platform.

## Fine-grained Sentimental Understanding
A large number of product reviews are generated from the automobile, 3C electronics, e-commerce marketing and other fields at any time, which can accurately reflect the all-round and even detailed product evaluation made by consumers. Traditional sentiment analysis methods cannot efficiently process multi-sentiment sentences, or accurately reflect consumers' attitude towards the subdivided attributes of the concerning product. Tencent Cloud's Fine-grained Sentiment Analysis can help you obtain more clear and accurate insights into product reviews and better understand consumers' attitude towards product details, all of which are valuable in growth, marketing, advertising, operation, application and research.

## Knowledge Computation Graph Reasoning
From natural language processing to natural language understanding, Tencent Cloud CU can not only interpret the surface semantics, but also understand the semantic concept and structure at a deeper level. In addition, it can convert unstructured materials into a knowledge graph by making full use of entity identification, relation extraction, entity linking, knowledge representation and other technologies, which makes query, search and Q&A scenarios intelligent to the fullest extent in the vertical industry.

