### What is Anycast Internet Acceleration (AIA)?
AIA is a global dynamic acceleration network that significantly increases the Internet access experience of your business. Different from other acceleration services in the application layer, AIA can optimize IP transmission quality, access multiple entries from nearby, and reduce jitter, packet loss, and other problems during network transmission. As a result, AIA improves the service quality of cloud applications, expands the service coverage, and simplifies the backend deployment.

### What's the difference between an Anycast EIP and Public IP?
An Anycast EIP is published in multiple regions at the same time. The access traffic reaches the nearest region, and then distributes via Tencent Cloud's Direct Connect. The product works based on Anycast in which user awareness is needed, so the bandwidth price is higher.
A Common public IP and EIP are only published in the region to which the IP belongs. Generally, the access traffic reaches the IP address via the public network.

|  | Anycast EIP | Non-Anycast EIP |
|---------|---------|---------|
| Publishing Method | Anycast | Unicast |
| Regions for Publishing IP| Multiple | One |
| Network Price | High unit price, billed by accelerated traffic | Cheap, billed by the public network |
| Unbinding | Yes | Yes |
| AIA | Yes | No. Public network is used by default. When the public network fails, the temporarily free traffic scheduling is provided.

### Why to isolate regions?
Different regions of Tencent Cloud are completely isolated to ensure maximal stability and fault tolerance among those regions.

### What is acceleration region?
An acceleration region is where Anycast EIP is published.

### What is service region?
A service region is where an Anycast EIP belongs after it is created. The region can only bind with the resources within it, and supports backend (such as CVM) logic computing.

### What's the difference between a private IP and public IP?
Private IP: A connection address that provides services for a client whose source IP is a private network.
Public IP: A connection address that provides public network communication for a client whose source IP is a public network.
They can be directly mapped to each other through network address translation.
Servers in the same region can communicate via private network. Servers across different regions can only communicate via public network.
### How is Anycast Internet Acceleration billed?
If you purchase Anycast EIP for constant acceleration services, the traffic generated is the accelerated traffic, whose unit price is higher than that of the common public network.
If you purchase non-Anycast EIP, when the public network fails, Tencent Cloud provides temporary acceleration service to help customers bypass it and avoid customer service interruption. As a free value-added service, users do not need to perceive it, and the network fee is the same as that of the common public network.

### How is the accelerated traffic billed?
Accelerated traffic is the traffic generated by Anycast EIP. Billing for an account's total accelerated traffic is based on 95th Percentile of bandwidth usage.

### Is the accelerated traffic billed by the outgoing or incoming traffic?
The accelerated traffic is billed by the outgoing/incoming traffic, whichever is higher.
 
### Can Anycast EIP be billed by traffic?
No. The traffic generated by Anycast EIP is billed by bandwidth.

